when it comes for the perfect gift for a
loved one you find yourself searching
all over have you ever tried searching
into heavens hello my name is dr.
Larnell Johnson president of Detroit
Institute for star name and Institute
you can give the gift of an actual star
my name is after a loved one a co-worker
or a top sales agent testimony
think of anything to get my mama for
Kwanzaa baby momma's cousin's baby mama
COS told me all about the institute now
whenever i look up in the sky i see my
mama stop named after her Laquisha de
Caressa watch I wanted to get something
nice for my lady but all I had was 1999
which was the exact amount I needed to
name was five done and they even sent me
a picture here it is the beautiful de
juan de herb that Dijonnaise this she is
right here she looked like a nipple
I got two stars for my twin boys Kadeem
celebrex Anderson the third and L board
liquor made caprice Anderson Junior
that was good bad but Phil's
testimonials were awesome he star comes
with its own official certificate and
coordinates and is also recognized by
the International Astronomical
Association so go to Detroit star named
Institute dot orange and gives again
george w bush take